Natalie Austin: Hi, Jennifer.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: On mute button on the bottom left.
Natalie Austin: I can hear you.
Jennifer C.: Okay, cool.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, yeah, I can eat.
Natalie Austin: Now are you today.
Jennifer C.: It was a little
Jennifer C.: Tired already
Natalie Austin: Oh, no. You got it. Sorry. You said earlier I accidentally cut you off. That was my fault.
Jennifer C.: Oh, you're fine.
Natalie Austin: Well welcome to Braveheart
Jennifer C.: Just got home, it's the school.
Natalie Austin: Ah, how many do you have
Jennifer C.: Three.
Natalie Austin: Wow, how old
Jennifer C.: Too many
Jennifer C.: 12 nine in three
Wow.
Natalie Austin: Busy, busy.
Jennifer C.: Yes, very busy.
Jennifer C.: For breakfast. How about you have a banana for breakfast and not cake for breakfast.
Natalie Austin: Did you transfer from another facility.
Jennifer C.: Um no I haven't driven for yet. I know that when I went to start with bright heart was, I don't even remember when something was going on to where we are in Ohio had to wait 30 days or something like that. And I found another facility and I've been going there since
Jennifer C.: I think October September or October, and I'm having trouble getting my doctor
Jennifer C.: First, he started me off on my normal dose that I was on when I transferred to him.
Jennifer C.: Mm hmm. But he had me on it for two weeks and then drop me back down and with my two jobs and three kids, I'm having trouble getting him to take me back up to that.
Okay.
Jennifer C.: I'm still having urges and stuff like that. Like, I'm a single mom.
Jennifer C.: I work all night.
Jennifer C.: Plus i door dash and take care of three kids by myself. So it's getting to be difficult to say the least.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well,
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna drop you after two weeks so
Jennifer C.: That's not
Jennifer C.: Right, like he he had started me on three guys, I went to a new horizon.
Jennifer C.: Was where I started.
Jennifer C.: Okay, I was on three four
Jennifer C.: And then he had started me on three a day but then drop me down to two a day after two
Natalie Austin: That's a little rough and it just, it's
Jennifer C.: It's been a struggle. Since
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, yeah, we normally
Natalie Austin: Just a little bit at a time.
Natalie Austin: Not a whole dose, you know, you have to take a little
Time.
Jennifer C.: Right. And I've had setbacks ever since.
Ever since, okay.
Jennifer C.: So it's just been like, you know, I like the place, but it's just
Jennifer C.: I don't know. He says it's my insurance. I really don't believe that. Um,
Jennifer C.: I really don't care if it is the insurance, I'll pay cash.
Natalie Austin: Right.
You know,
Natalie Austin: How long you been
Natalie Austin: How many years you've been treatment.
Jennifer C.: Oh, I've been at this place in September and then only like two months before that was a new horizon before they shut like they just shut down didn't tell anybody. Nothing. Just didn't tell anyone. So like I really wasn't even on the three day for that long.
Natalie Austin: Does it didn't arise, a star you at three a day.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Ah, so I usually like to go twice a day. But I mean that's why the other doctor probably did that but that's just not how you do it, you know.
Jennifer C.: Normally, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Normally I like twice a day for people, but
Natalie Austin: New Horizons storage you on. Guess we might have to stay there.
Jennifer C.: Right, that's what they started me on and then the new doctor gave me the three day but only for two weeks and then it abruptly change. Yeah. Anyone who's, who's on Suboxone nose or even a quarter of a pill is an abrupt change.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it is.
Why
Jennifer C.: For for us for for addicts. It's a lot
Jennifer C.: Yes, the border of bill or that quarter of a strip is it'll, it'll still make you feel like crap.
Jennifer C.: And it'll just bring urges back and it's just been a struggle sense
Right.
Jennifer C.: So,
Natalie Austin: Three months, three months at New Horizon and then three or four months.
Jennifer C.: Two months, two months at New Horizon.
Jennifer C.: And then I've been at the other place either since September or top
Jennifer C.: Or October, but it
Jennifer C.: It was not out. It took me about. Yeah, but it wasn't, it wasn't five months straight because it took me about six or seven months to just find the new doctor at the new place that I'm at
Okay.
Jennifer C.: So basically I started at the new place from scratch again.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha.
Natalie Austin: And were you taking opioids like pills triggering
Jennifer C.: I'm yeah I'm on the pill eight milligram
Jennifer C.: Pill
Natalie Austin: prior to getting treatment for you taking like Percocet volume.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Jennifer C.: And it's been a while. My whole the whole thing started with like it is.
Jennifer C.: When it's been since 12 years ago when I got pregnant with my first daughter.
Jennifer C.: My OB actually had me on them for migraines.
Jennifer C.: OK. And then with my second daughter. I was on them because I had my gallbladder was going bad and I had mastitis
Jennifer C.: And actually had surgery on my breast, three times during that pregnancy and then by my third pregnancy and even, you know, before then. I was already hooked. I'd been on him for so long, through those two pregnancies that I was, it was that was a wrap.
Natalie Austin: Okay review, but were you buying them off the street.
Jennifer C.: I'm waiting.
Jennifer C.: For some years, I didn't go. See, I was thinking neurologists
Jennifer C.: Okay, the bike it in and then he got shut down and then after that I had to go and buy them off the street, and then I had to. Yeah, yeah. By then, I already moved up to set what
Natalie Austin: He was giving him Vicodin for headaches, is that correct
Jennifer C.: The neurologist. Yeah. Vikings and
Natalie Austin: Topamax
Jennifer C.: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: And then Xanax also
Jennifer C.: Because I have
Jennifer C.: A place to my neck.
Natalie Austin: Did you ever go to a pain clinic.
Jennifer C.: No.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Shit.
Jennifer C.: Shit.
Jennifer C.: I would imagine, because he was giving you so many people well
Jennifer C.: He was about to get shut down any abrupt we retired.
Jennifer C.: He retired before he got shut down.
Jennifer C.: You gotta take your shoes off first, buddy.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, you gotta take the shoes off before you take off the dance.
Natalie Austin: School over the past month since we got the general just you. Let's get down to the past medical history, you have
Natalie Austin: Anxiety.
Jennifer C.: You said depression. Yes.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you have heart disease, diabetes,
Jennifer C.: No.
Natalie Austin: I really dizzy anything else.
Jennifer C.: Nope, I think I currently have a hernia. That's about it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, umbilical hernia like around the belly button.
Jennifer C.: Um, yeah, it's right above the belly button I'm supposed to go see a surgeon, but
Jennifer C.: Oh, good one, so busy that I haven't seen one yet.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So it will build a hernia to past medical
History
Jennifer C.: Above my belly button.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, sounds like it available for you. Okay, let's go under past surgical history. You said you had some surgeries. Their mastitis yeah which breast
Jennifer C.: Um, it was my left breast. It was I had it.
Jennifer C.: They cut it open. Three times while I was pregnant.
Jennifer C.: And awake. That was not fun.
Jennifer C.: Oh, wow. Um, I've had my gallbladder removed.
Jennifer C.: Okay. Um, I got HPV when I was 13 or 14 so I've had a few leaks.
Jennifer C.: Okay, um,
Jennifer C.: I've had three C sections.
Natalie Austin: Okay, how about appendix appendix or tonsils.
Jennifer C.: Nope. I've got those though.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's it for the surgeries.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, let's get on the family history or your parents still alive.
Jennifer C.: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Alive and well they have any ailments or
Jennifer C.: Know my dad's got pancreatitis. Okay. And he's also a diabetic and just found out, he's got some sort of a mass on his kidney and
Jennifer C.: A half to get a student, but they want him to get a state in his heart, but he's to the point where he's like he's not even that old. I'm gonna say he's 52
Natalie Austin: Yes, young
Jennifer C.: And he's but he's got so many you know illnesses for so long that he's he's really sick.
Jennifer C.: He's add you know the the class to evaluate the layoffs to balance all that
Jennifer C.: So he doesn't want to have a stent put in. He just wants to live the rest of his life the way he you know he wants to live it, which is not under a knife.
Natalie Austin: Or your mom. My mom.
Jennifer C.: My mom's got COPD.
Jennifer C.: Okay, um, she's got depression.
Jennifer C.: Well, my dad is also got depression, too. And by my dad's got chronic, chronic bipolar disorder like he was on lithium for years.
Jennifer C.: And then my mom has had C sections. She also had three C sections. She's got COPD.
Jennifer C.: And she's got shoulder problems. That's another thing that I have to do is I also have a shoulder problem.
Okay.
Jennifer C.: And then everybody's kind of depressed right now. My sister just my younger sister just passed away.
Jennifer C.: The week before Christmas at 31 from bladder and urine or cancer.
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, I'm sorry.
Jennifer C.: Like we found out she got it and in June, we found out she was diagnosed and she was already at a stage for being
Jennifer C.: Kept missing it.
Jennifer C.: And saying it was a
Jennifer C.: UTI, and like kidney infections. Well, her kidney was the size of a watermelon. So she had an frost YouTube and then she was by December.
Jennifer C.: 17 she had gotten pneumonia and passed away. So it's been really rough on him.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, sounds like I'm sorry.
Jennifer C.: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go under Social History you're single divorced
Jennifer C.: Married single divorced, I'm married.
Natalie Austin: You're married
Jennifer C.: Married. I've been married 12 years
Okay.
Jennifer C.: But my husband is currently incarcerated till March of next year, he was we separated for a while, and he was staying at a friend's house. Well, let's just say that friend's house was packed with some things that he should not understand her
Oh,
Natalie Austin: So in March and March when he gets out, he'll be able to start helping you around the house on
Jennifer C.: Yeah yeah
Jennifer C.: Well,
Natalie Austin: It's tough, that you're doing it all by yourself.
Jennifer C.: Yeah. And before you went in. I never had to work. I never had to do anything. I was a stay at home mom.
Right.
Jennifer C.: So it's been it's, yeah. It's been an adjustment.
Natalie Austin: How long has he been in jail.
Jennifer C.: Since March of last year.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so
Jennifer C.: We got years total
Natalie Austin: Oh, two years. Okay.
Jennifer C.: He gets
Jennifer C.: Good. So yeah, it's been over. Yeah, it's been a year or well, almost a year. He's got 13 left
Okay.
Jennifer C.: So,
Natalie Austin: Down the days aren't you
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you're married, you're employed, you have two jobs, what do you do
Jennifer C.: What do you do I door dash and then I work at tenneco
Okay, what's door that is
Jennifer C.: Um, basically, you go and people
Jennifer C.: Like put in orders for food at places.
Jennifer C.: Oh yeah, you go and pick up the food and you get a fee and a chip and you deliver it.
Natalie Austin: That's it. That's cool.
Natalie Austin: Do you like it.
Jennifer C.: It's pretty good money.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Jennifer C.: I mean, you could people could make people can pay their bills off of it. The first time I did it within an hour. I did two deliveries and made 30 bucks. And I said, that's cool that you know
Natalie Austin: That's awesome.
Jennifer C.: What's an hour. That's
Natalie Austin: Good. That is a 60,000 a year.
Jennifer C.: Right, and it's just and it's flux. Like, you can do it whenever you want.
Jennifer C.: Right, not scheduled. You can schedule your own like you can just das while you're out driving doing nothing or in between breaks or whatever. You can take your kids with you, like, it's just, it's
Jennifer C.: That's what works best for me.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So you door dash and you work at a
Natalie Austin: Convenience store.
Jennifer C.: It's it's tenneco they make struts and a strong
Factory.
Jennifer C.: Yes, and I am leaving their like soon.
Jennifer C.: Today,
Natalie Austin: You have to go there. You're leaving you're leaving the job.
Jennifer C.: No, I'm leaving that job. Yes.
Why
Jennifer C.: I'm because it's nights and my kids don't sleep well when I'm gone. And it's also when I started. They said, I'd have weekends off and that they promise you the world that gets you in
Jennifer C.: Them they stick it up your ass and they will, you know, work 13 days in a row before you even get a day off. And it's nine hour shifts, and I can't do it. I'm dead.
I'm
Jennifer C.: A lot of places.
Natalie Austin: They promise you one thing, and then they switch it around.
Jennifer C.: Right, right. I just can't. I can't do it. It's just not
Jennifer C.: I'd rather work at door dash
Natalie Austin: Just to do more work with them. Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Right, it was. I mean, it was, it was more money, but it just, it's not worth it to me.
Jennifer C.: It's not, it's not worth. It's where you know my feet were getting blisters and cracking and bleeding and my two toes on my, on my left foot are still no started
Jennifer C.: So,
Okay, so you're you're married.
Natalie Austin: You have three kids, um,
Natalie Austin: Any alcohol use.
Natalie Austin: Nope, or drugs, alcohol, no drugs or alcohol.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco
Jennifer C.: Yeah I smoke.
How much
Natalie Austin: One pack a day how
Jennifer C.: About a pack a day.
Jennifer C.: Okay, thank you. Day.
OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, let's go under allergies. Do you have any allergies anything
Natalie Austin: Penicillin okay
Jennifer C.: Sofa
Natalie Austin: Do you get a rash from those
Jennifer C.: A Yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yep. And I'm latex.
Jennifer C.: And or like I guess it would be the powder that's, you know, outer outer latex gloves, and then a adhesives.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: From like tape.
Jennifer C.: Right hospital tape. Yeah, I get you that crap.
Natalie Austin: Okay, current medications.
Jennifer C.: Just the Suboxone he did, he was nice enough to give me some motoring.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: But I feel like I'm
Jennifer C.: Rushing that's too much.
Jennifer C.: What, no.
Natalie Austin: Nothing, nothing.
Jennifer C.: Nothing for the anxiety or depression.
Jennifer C.: He was
Jennifer C.: Trying to call someone to get me into a place to see if I could get my Xanax back. That's what I was prescribed and he never got back with me.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: And I've seen him twice and say,
Natalie Austin: Um, because we have counseling. We can get you set up with us as well for the anxiety and depression and
Natalie Austin: I don't know if we can find you a psychiatrist or
Natalie Austin: I can talk
Jennifer C.: About that. I think the biggest thing that they are doing for anxiety is a lot of their patients end up dropping dirty for marijuana. So they got a doctor in there that are prescribing marijuana card, but it just happens I'm allergic to marijuana so
Natalie Austin: Are you oh
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I can't smoke. I wish I could but I can't.
Jennifer C.: It makes me definitely ill.
Natalie Austin: We are literally just the way from the Xanax, just because there's a contra indication, because it's
Jennifer C.: Right.
Natalie Austin: You know,
Natalie Austin: It mixes. What doesn't mix well. The Suboxone so we don't really encourage that.
Natalie Austin: Right, yeah, maybe some Zoloft or Prozac something else like that might Prozac. In the past, and it didn't work.
Um,
Jennifer C.: I know that
Jennifer C.: I think they'll only I know would be the Zoloft is what the office that I go to is okay with a small doses of small doses of Xanax like I'm talking a very small do or the smallest of Claudine, they won't two people out for that.
Yeah.
Jennifer C.: And that's all I know of.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, there's no so
Natalie Austin: Does your family doctor would they be able to give you the Zoloft
Jennifer C.: Oh no, my family doctor says we have to see a psychiatrist.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, it's real hard to get anything like that. And from a family doctor here.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, go through
Jennifer C.: So many hoops for anything. That's why I don't even try to get into a pain clinic.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I don't have time. I don't have the time to work or spilling my kids, let alone to go to 10 different doctors
Natalie Austin: I know area.
Natalie Austin: Well, I can look into it. I'm not sure if we can write for the sale if I can find out where you want to dose before. Do you know
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
Jennifer C.: I wasn't on I wasn't on Zoloft, I was on Xanax
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha, gotcha. You
Jennifer C.: It would be new.
Jennifer C.: Phila be I'd be grateful for what for anything. Okay. Fold that Zoloft would work for me. It's just I have not been to the doctor to get it.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. I'll find out if we're able to do that. And so we'll do that for you. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So I know we're, we're, like, an all encompassing
Natalie Austin: We do, we do psychiatry and we also do like pain management, so it's
Jennifer C.: All awesome
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I think the lady.
Jennifer C.: When I call it a check in. Right. The lady. When I call it a check in, so that I would have to meet with a therapist.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, and said that it for an hour's of me and it would be my, you know, between me and her if I wanted to continue to go. I can tell you right now, I already do because I need to talk to someone
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good and then
Jennifer C.: My husband went away. My only sister went away all within a year span.
Jennifer C.: Um, a lot of
Jennifer C.: That my my my daughter's school because my daughter.
Jennifer C.: has missed so much school because of all the grief and everything. Plus, she has an underdeveloped bladder, so she has constantly he is
Jennifer C.: Well her teacher took it upon herself to call CPS on me saying that because of the causes UTI. She's afraid of sexual abuse home.
Natalie Austin: Gosh, you poor thing.
So,
Jennifer C.: Yeah, don't deal with that.
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry. You have a lot on your plate up. I know you want to talk to the therapist and and I'll put a note, maybe you can do the
Natalie Austin: Brazil off, I'll put a question on there if they if the therapist can do that is they are myself will get daughter. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, so just you're on the Suboxone film that's eight milligrams
Natalie Austin: Two, three times a day right now. Are you on the twice a day.
Jennifer C.: What okay
Jennifer C.: Hold on, because you started cutting several things already cutting out a little bit. What was that
Natalie Austin: What's the books are you getting. Are you getting from the other place.
What does I'm on
Jennifer C.: To eight milligram tabs, a day.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is it the Soviet text or Suboxone
Jennifer C.: It's Suboxone
Jennifer C.: Talk to the doctor being switched to the sub tasks.
Jennifer C.: Because he said that it works faster.
Jennifer C.: But then you have to prescribe it there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, the subjects is kind of iffy with the DEA we try to stay with the Suboxone because it has the dinar candidate.
Natalie Austin: No options and
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, I mean,
Natalie Austin: That makes sense now.
Natalie Austin: The Sufi text is cheaper but it works better, but it's not as safe for you. I guess so.
Jennifer C.: We try to keep him on cutting
Jennifer C.: Out super bad
Natalie Austin: Oh, I'm not moving.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me now.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me now. Hello. Okay.
Jennifer C.: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: I will try to stay on the Suboxone the eight slash to
Natalie Austin: And he's right now he's giving you eight milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: But, but you want to be on the three times a
Jennifer C.: Day. Yeah, okay.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I will talk to my team and come up with a plan, but we could probably get back to the three times a day.
Natalie Austin: OK.
Jennifer C.: OK.
Jennifer C.: OK, now I just am last oh what's today, what is today.
Natalie Austin: The 10th Monday.
Jennifer C.: Yeah, I just seen him on third. So I don't know if they would give me crap filling it or what
Natalie Austin: How did they give you a month supply
Jennifer C.: Know they only give me a two week supply
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. So, you know, you're good till next Monday. Then
Jennifer C.: Right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so I pray, I can't give it to you till next Monday. Otherwise, yeah, they won't fill it.
Jennifer C.: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: That's. Can you wait another week.
I
Jennifer C.: I end up taking like the three a day.
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: Your dad.
Jennifer C.: What if we was the switch to the Phils
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah, we could do the film. Absolutely.
Jennifer C.: Because then they would probably fill it because it's a different thing.
Natalie Austin: Right. I mean, yeah, I'll send it, and we'll see that's fine are using the Kroger
Jennifer C.: Have Ivan decoder.
Jennifer C.: Go to guy.
Jennifer C.: I'm, um, it was Walgreens but Walgreens no longer takes care source.
Jennifer C.: There's one that I the one I just went to was Rite Aid, but I'm going to go to whichever one that you suggest, in which everyone
Jennifer C.: Here in Ohio is filling for you guys because I know that when I first tried to get an appointment with you guys. There was a bunch of pharmacies that were not filling for you guys. And that's why I ended up having to wait 30 days.
Natalie Austin: I know
Jennifer C.: So whichever one that that that will feel for you guys.
Natalie Austin: Oh, I wouldn't do that. But I'm though the right age are fine, just the Walgreens or just telling us that, um,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they don't take care of source CBS is kind of like on the fence.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I have to talk to them left to talk to the pharmacist for like two hours to get them to convince them to do.
Jennifer C.: No.
Natalie Austin: Ready should be fine.
Okay.
Jennifer C.: No matter
Natalie Austin: We're going to find out which one here.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Jennifer C.: The closest one JIMMY IS ON Smith, though.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll see.
Natalie Austin: You get a pen. I'll write that down.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: It's in Smithfield or on Smithfield
Jennifer C.: Oh, the writing the writing is on airway.
Jennifer C.: Oh airway. But if you wanted to. You can go ahead. There's actually one on my street on Third Street.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's do that make it easier for you.
Jennifer C.: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what is that Troy.
Natalie Austin: The town.
Natalie Austin: What town is that
Jennifer C.: It's Dayton.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yep.
Natalie Austin: So right a Third Street in Dayton.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, what's the number
Jennifer C.: I'm just one second.
Natalie Austin: Anyway, I'm not gonna call them.
Natalie Austin: Send it electronically.
Natalie Austin: Number.
Jennifer C.: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Just give me a zip code for
Me.
Jennifer C.: It's four or 5403
Natalie Austin: Cole, I just plug in a zip code and it comes right up for me.
And I'll send it. I'm gonna
Natalie Austin: Open so now
Jennifer C.: I'm I forgot to tell you. Yeah, I wrote the film. I am on he has me on ibuprofen.
Jennifer C.: 600 milligrams
Jennifer C.: Once a day, twice a day.
Natalie Austin: You'll miss doing some of that too.
Jennifer C.: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I can send that in for you. Okay.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'll do a 30 day supply for that.
Natalie Austin: And the other one will be two weeks.
Natalie Austin: Two weeks.
Natalie Austin: Right. Okay, let's go to the review systems. Oh, good.
Jennifer C.: And then I talked to the therapist about this.
Natalie Austin: Is that right, yeah. Yep, I'll talk with therapists to and see we can come up with a plan on which one if she wants me to write it or not. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I mean,
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Once you'll get it. Hopefully, either way. And once I talked to her. We'll figure it out.
Jennifer C.: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then we have a counseling lot of counseling meeting with you. We can even discuss it all three of us. OK.
Jennifer C.: OK.
Natalie Austin: Ok review systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Jennifer C.: Know,
Natalie Austin: The swelling headaches, know that. Okay, good.
Jennifer C.: Um, my feet swell sometimes and I have migraines.
Natalie Austin: Okay, ever. History
Natalie Austin: Oh that's right over past medical history migraines up there. That's right.
Jennifer C.: Right. I mean, but they're bad, like I laid in bed. I had one yesterday and I was in bed until 7:30pm and I woke up with it.
Natalie Austin: And, you know, taken any table max for that or if you're sending me know
Jennifer C.: I used to be on fears.
Jennifer C.: Dr set but
Jennifer C.: I don't think that I can take that with the Suboxone because it's got, it's all it all in it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's
Jennifer C.: I don't know if there's a Topamax
Natalie Austin: You're telling us is there is a popular method for migraines. We use that a lot.
Natalie Austin: Um, that's not interactive, I don't, I don't believe so.
Natalie Austin: But
Jennifer C.: If you can find some guy named migraine medicine that that will interact with it. I would, you'd be a godsend.
Natalie Austin: Now find out
Jennifer C.: 2020 days a month for me to have migraines too much.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go into physical exam, how are you
Jennifer C.: Five, four,
Natalie Austin: And how much do you weigh
Jennifer C.: 190
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Next line. I know know to distress, em, I
Natalie Austin: wearing glasses.
Jennifer C.: Yep.
Natalie Austin: Several piercings on the face. Right. Yeah.
Jennifer C.: I have several piercings on I have them on my face on my chest. I had my nose but not anymore.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha. So next line skin, you have a chest piercing ears and face piercings okay madryn
Natalie Austin: Extremities, do you have any swelling right now.
Natalie Austin: Your ankles.
Jennifer C.: I'm just in my like my left foot swells.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: I mean both, both of my feet swell, but
Natalie Austin: Lean
Jennifer C.: On them for so long.
Natalie Austin: Okay, mild edema and both ankles left greater than right
Natalie Austin: All right, cycle times three.
Natalie Austin: Lungs clear documentation non labor aspirations cardiac rhythm rhythm.
Natalie Austin: Normal profile perfusion.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go into assessment and plan one opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Will start resume patients those at sub sub you text Suboxone film.
Natalie Austin: Eight slash two, three times a day for 14 days.
Jennifer C.: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then to for pain management will continue ibuprofen 600 milligrams twice a day for 30 days.
Natalie Austin: Three.
Natalie Austin: Migraine history of migraines will look into.
Natalie Austin: script for temple max period for anxiety, depression will discuss with therapist about Zoloft treatment.
Natalie Austin: Also scheduled appointment. See the therapists.
Natalie Austin: To discuss life you have life changes recent life changes.
Jennifer C.: has affected. Right. And I believe we scheduled one. I see.
Natalie Austin: Okay perfect, so appointment is scheduled for the 20th. Awesome.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: And then we'll do a follow up in two weeks with me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, no dictation, I guess. Any other questions for me.
Jennifer C.: Um, nope, that's about it.
Natalie Austin: You cover everything
Jennifer C.: For me,
Jennifer C.: Good, yeah.
Jennifer C.: Okay, maybe just one second.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Oh. Um, I'll send this script in the next hour or so. Okay.
Natalie Austin: This to script. Okay. Okay.
Jennifer C.: Okay. All right.
Natalie Austin: Good.
Natalie Austin: If the type of matches are left gets approved earlier. I'll just shoot me a text. Okay.
Jennifer C.: Okay.
Jennifer C.: All right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Jennifer C.: Bye, thank you so much.
Natalie Austin: Good luck. April. You have a wonderful day. Thank
You